hey guys what's going on we're so if
you're bringing guys a brand new squad
builder today in today guys we are
bringing you a new series called market
crash squads and for those you guys who
don't know what this is basically I'm
going to be building teams between ten
and twenty five thousand points for you
guys to play with during the market
crash I'm basically guys the market
crashes every single time team of the
season comes out and it's gonna keep on
crashing for the next few weeks and
players are going to keep getting
continually cheaper cheaper and cheaper
and you really don't want to go out and
buy really expensive players you don't
want to be going and investing your
money into the 1,000,000 cornflowers the
1.5 million corn players or anybody even
more expensive because their prices are
going to continually drop that is
basically essentially due to the fact
that there's so many packs that are
being bought and the chances of those
players being that in those packs I'll
go very slim there is still a chance and
everyone that goes up on the market
decreases the price because people tend
to undercut each other and you will lose
a lot of money if you invest in no
really to the player so I want to do
this series so I could build ten to
twenty five thousand point teams for you
guys if we're to play with the during
tema season because it will be for the
next few weeks team of the season that
is also guys if you you know basically
can't afford the team of seasoned
players I definitely understand that but
theater some really cool squads that I
would definitely recommend you're not
going to lose very much money on them a
lot of these cards are extremely common
in their price is going to be fairly
stable if not you might lose a few
hundred points but it's better than
losing a few hundred thousand points on
a player for their price going all the
way down so we're gonna be rocking the
433 with the false nine formation today
a very cool hybrid so as you guys can
already tell we do a Hugo Lloris and
goal we have soccer to complement in BPL
French that is how Louis gets is nice
link and then we have Thiago Silva who
is an absolutely amazing centre-back he
is the most expensive player on the
squaddies worth about 13,000 fluenz this
is a 25,000 coin squad I will try to do
a 10,000 coins squad kind of a budget
build my series that I used to do which
I might actually bring back because
those actually did go over very well and
you guys really did like them because a
lot of you guys really don't have a lot
of coins and I completely
and that I don't have a lot of coins
compared to a lot of the youtubers out
there I'm even some of the people that I
played actually with it I'm you know
when I was playing games with his team
last night I came up against a full
legend squad against a random guy mean
this is just a random guy who doesn't
have a coin sponsor doesn't have
anything I mean I'm sure he invested
tons of money in packs either that or he
bought some coins off a coin website
somewhere but you have a full legends
team I'm with you know in for Mancala at
left-back because there's obviously no
legend left-back I believe but it was
absolutely insane and I kind of got
destroyed because you know these players
are just not on the same level as
legends are when it does come to the
stats the in game stats you know the
pace the shooting everything legends are
just absolutely insane in this game and
as a parsley there was no FIFA aids when
he did play them he beat me six nothing
and I could definitely say I got a
little frustrated um during that game
but nonetheless guys you know he will
lose a lot of money on those players
because he invested in them during team
of the season i'm not sure if he had
them before but their prices will
continually go down and they might not
go down a lot but the chances of a
legend being open are you know extremely
high right now you know are higher than
they used to be because there's just so
many packs that are being open in
preparation for team of seasoned so
that's what I kind of want to get across
to you guys most you do know that the
market does crash and I don't want you
to go I don't want you guys to lose some
coin so like I said these are gonna be
ten to twenty five thousand coin squads
on that are very enjoyable to use and
really really cool I'm and also some
really cool Harvard so as you guys can
tell we have fabiano from AS Monaco at
the right back to use the Brazilian we
are linking him up with Jean Latino as
well as Lucas from Paris saint-germain
and then we also have Dimitar Berbatov
Berbatov I don't really know what to
think about this guy he's very slow but
he's very hit-or-miss as well now slow
you would think all right he doesn't
play very well but the centerboard in
the false nine um you can't have a
rather slower center board i would say
but he just really you really didn't
just fit my play style I really did not
like him now tone it right there guys it
does say he's with 8900 coins I actually
had that guy in my club from a while ago
about 3-4 months ago when I did a squad
builder featuring him so don't worry he
is much cheaper now I've been trying to
sell for around two thousand and he
still doesn't even sell so he's very
affordable guys and you really won't
lose coins
like I did but nonetheless guys Berbatov
is kind of a hit-or-miss he is a little
slow but I really don't know what to
think about him yet I you know I'm
leaning more towards that I really don't
like him but he does provide very cool
links he links up with the left mid or
the left wing excuse me don't have it
and then he obviously he said with John
Lentini oh and he links up with Lucas at
the right wing now one of the players i
do want to point out is the upgraded
jordan henderson jordan henderson was
actually a very good player for me
usually about I believe 600 to 700 coins
he was an extremely good player for me
scored some lily nice goals in all
honesty and I really enjoyed using him
you know that's what I'm basically going
to say about that Baines was absolutely
amazing a small to actually never used
veins in a game before I never you know
just think of him at the left-back I
usually slide him in with clichy
whenever it comes to a hybrid or
whatever he comes to anything with ppl i
usually just go to clichy abates is very
very good Jordan Henderson is very good
as well in saco was extremely good too I
mean Oh Lori I was just not a fan of him
I don't like him in this game I have no
idea why Lucas was absolutely amazing
but overall this team played very good
for a 20 to 25,000 my team there was a
lot of chances that i had they didn't
really capitalize on too many chances a
lot of goal posts hit which is very
frustrating but nonetheless they did
with me a fair few amount of game and I
really did enjoy using Tebow hopefully
you guys do enjoy the series if you show
your support below by hitting that like
button let's go ahead and smash 50 likes
that would mean the world to me guys
thank you so much if you guys did enjoy
the series leave some comments in the
feedback section below let me know what
you guys liked about it maybe some ideas
or maybe some squads that you have there
between ten and twenty five thousand
points but until next time guys this has
been yourself and have a good one